Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: Well, let's see how to use a location finder.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: Now, here, starting off the file, we'll have two A sheet here?
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: One is proximity checker, and another one is address to coordinates.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: How it will work here is, you have to enter the address, the name.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: landed email and phone details here. Then.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: I have highlighted the full address, so please do not touch it, since it has a formula here.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: And we have to enter city, state, zip code.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: Once, after entering all this information.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: the geo-latitude, longitude information should pop up, but I have removed the formula here.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: Because it'll take a long time to work, and at the same time.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: If you're planning to use it.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: Please use it, like, use the formula.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: And then you'll get the coordinates after that.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: Please copy and paste as values so that
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: If you keep on piling it up.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: It'll take a lot of time for the Excel to load.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: So I would always recommend copy, and then paste as values.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: So that it will not take much time, and it will not hang your Excel.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: So, once you've entered the information, It will automatically give us
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: What is the nearest school distance in feet? And also the nearest school name.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: And here, It'll give you the nearest hospital, And also.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: Here, now it is giving the recreation type of the school district which we are taking here.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: And then, the nearest hospital. And what is the availability?
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: And the safe distance means whether…
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: The school district, which we are seeing, is
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: Greater than 500 feet or not.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: So, based on it, it'll automatically tell us
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: Whether it's safe for us to consider for the Participants?
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: So that they can be… they'll be placed, like, more than 500 feet from the nearest school.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: And the school type will also come over here.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: And if you want, you can even filter it, like.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: Just click on Save, so it'll clearly tell us that which locations are safe for us, not safe, so these are the…
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: Locations which we need to be
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: Clearly ensure that, you know, we can play… we are placing the right candidate at the particular accommodation.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: And I have added the formulas here so that we can use it for future, and…
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: The school district's names, and also the hospital names, which you are seeing here, they're not automatically coming.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: If they're coming, because I've created a database here, You can see that schools.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: So, I pulled this data from…
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: If we can see here the data sources.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: So this is the place where I was able to get this data. So in future, I would always recommend
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: To go through these resources, other links?
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: So that you will see that
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: The updated school's information is there.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: And if you find it, please update it.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: So, this is how we can use.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: And I'm gonna hide it, so it will be here for any time you want it. Thank you.